today i'm going to explain a thriller
film called l which follows the sordid
story of a woman who ordered takeout
after getting violated spoilers ahead
watch out and take care the indifference
and ignorance of animals are for the
most part completely forgivable the fact
that they do not know any better
relieves them from any true
accountability at least by human
standards that same apathy is displayed
one tragic afternoon by a cat owned by a
red-haired woman named michelle leblanc
her cat sits motionless as a masked
assailant comes into her home and breaks
her things then he forces himself onto
michelle
strangely enough that same outward
nonchalance is displayed by michelle
after the ordeal she simply picks
herself up from her living room floor to
resume her life as if on autopilot
michelle sweeps the broken glass
immediately after getting up after
michelle takes a bath and orders takeout
her son vincent visits her when he
notices her forming black eye michelle
lies about falling on her bike they
proceed to dinner and michelle
preemptively anticipates vincent's
request she tells him she'll give him
money for his new apartment on the
condition that she'll look at it first
vincent tries to be coy about it saying
he was planning to have her pay
collateral and not money as their
conversation goes on she openly
disapproves of his pregnant girlfriend
josie after the dinner had concluded
michelle retrieves a mallet she looks
slightly unsettled as she looks out the
night street through her window later
michelle falls asleep with her the
mallet in her hand despite the initial
apathy michelle displayed she's shaken
by the experience in her own way after
all not everyone will have the same
response to trauma
the next morning michelle goes to her
job where she's the head of a successful
video game company a meeting is held to
discuss the current status of their
latest game michelle is a particular
kind of woman who attracts a particular
kind of attention being the head of her
company she has the right to be
assertive and adamant about her visions
especially when they're within reason
but the male employees on board clearly
hate her and don't value her opinion and
instructions
kurt for instance abhors her and it
shows as he challenges her during their
meeting but the man is left quietly
seething when michelle flippantly shoots
him down l is a dark and controversial
movie that leaves audiences divided
whether the story is powerful or
pointless the film is less of a
whodunnit thriller and is more of a
character study of michelle leblanc who
is a morally dubious person to say the
least michelle was subjected to terrible
things by terrible people but she
herself engaged in cruel acts like being
unnecessarily harsh with josie and her
mother and having no qualms about
sleeping with her best friend's husband
among the myriad of things that
characterized her ruthlessness it is the
complexity of her character that leaves
a valuable impression in cinema one of
the takeaways we'd like to mention is
the film's critique of patriarchal
society that there is a twisted desire
to put down or humiliate strong women
perhaps on a psychoanalytic level that
not many people realize however despite
the imperfections of her character it is
with that same strength that michelle
was able to liberate herself from her
assailant most of all she managed to
liberate herself from the shackles of
her past by the end of the movie
michelle had the strength to accept that
she didn't have to face the world alone
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching